feat: add support for peerDependencies in update process (#175)
antfu-collective/taze: README.md

Locked (fixed version without `^` or `~`) packages are skipped by default, use `taze --include-locked` or `taze -l` to show them.

### Peer Dependencies

> `taze` now supports updating `peerDependencies` alongside `dependencies` and `devDependencies`. Use the `-P` or `--peer` option to include `peerDependencies` in the update process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bumping version in `peerDependencies` is not enabled by default. Use the `-P` or `--peer` option to include them in the update process.
```
